index.md, before:

---
site:
  hide_toc: true
---
# Hi, I'm Max Grover 👋

:::{figure} _static/profile-pic-circle.png
:class: col-gutter-left
:alt: Profile picture of Max Grover
:align: center
:width: 90%
:::

:::{table}
:class: col-body-right
| A bit about me... |
|---|
|💼 Atmospheric Data Scientist @ [Argonne National Lab](https://www.anl.gov/) |
|🌎 Active member of the [Pangeo Community](https://pangeo.io/) |
|🌕 Core developer of [Py-ART](https://github.com/ARM-DOE/pyart) and [xradar](https://github.com/openradar/xradar) |
|🧪 M.S. in Atmospheric Science from [the Univ. of Illinois](https://illinois.edu/) |
:::

I also work on several other [open-source projects](https://github.com/mgrover1) for science.

::::{grid}
:::{grid-item-card}
:link: about.md
About me ℹ️
:::
<!-- :::{grid-item-card}
:link: projects.md
Projects I've worked on 🔧
::: -->
:::{grid-item-card}
:link: blog.md
My blog ✍️
:::
:::{grid-item-card}
:link: workshops
Workshops 📚
:::
::::

:::{postlist}
:number: 5
:::

Commit message:

ADD: Add updated spire info

index.md, after:

---
site:
  hide_toc: true
---
# Hi, I'm Max Grover 👋

:::{figure} _static/profile-pic-circle.png
:class: col-gutter-left
:alt: Profile picture of Max Grover
:align: center
:width: 90%
:::

:::{table}
:class: col-body-right
| A bit about me... |
|---|
|💼 Senior Weather Software Engineer @ [Spire Global](https://spire.com/) |
|🌎 Active member of the [Pangeo Community](https://pangeo.io/) |
|🌕 Core developer of [Py-ART](https://github.com/ARM-DOE/pyart), [xradar](https://github.com/openradar/xradar), and [gribberish](https://github.com/mpiannucci/gribberish) |
|🧪 M.S. in Atmospheric Science from [the Univ. of Illinois](https://illinois.edu/) |
:::

I also work on several other [open-source projects](https://github.com/mgrover1) for science.

::::{grid}
:::{grid-item-card}
:link: about.md
About me ℹ️
:::
<!-- :::{grid-item-card}
:link: projects.md
Projects I've worked on 🔧
::: -->
:::{grid-item-card}
:link: blog.md
My blog ✍️
:::
:::{grid-item-card}
:link: workshops
Workshops 📚
:::
::::

:::{postlist}
:number: 5
:::
